Remove --pod-cidr from docs (#31849)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins.md

## Installation

> The kubelet has a single default network plugin, and a default network common to the entire cluster. The CRI manages its own CNI plugins. There are two Kubelet command line parameters to keep in mind when using plugins:

Reviewer: I'm (still) not sure that “The kubelet has a single default network plugin” remains true after the removal of dockershim.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A CNI plugin is required to implement the [Kubernetes networking model](/docs/concepts/services-networking/#the-kubernetes-network-model). The CRI manages its own CNI plugins. There are two Kubelet command line parameters to keep in mind when using plugins:
```
I think @sftim is correct. With 1.24 and the removal of dockershim and kubenet then a CNI plugin is required. A technical review is required to confirm. 
Above is only a suggestion but will need a tech review.
/sig node
